fix(css): clarify ruby-position inter-character value (#44874)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/ruby-position/index.md

sidebar: cssref
---

> The **`ruby-position`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property defines the position of a ruby element relative to its base element. It can be positioned over the element (`over`), under it (`under`), or between the characters (`inter-character`).

Reviewer: https://www.w3.org/International/articles/ruby/styling.en#bopomofo_position indicates that in this mode, the ruby annotation "appears to the right of the base character, whether the text is set horizontally or vertically".

So should this be something like

```suggestion
The **`ruby-position`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property defines the position of a ruby element relative to its base element. It can be positioned over the element (`over`), under it (`under`), or to the right (`inter-character`).
```

I'm not sure, as I don't know much about ruby annotation. The keyword `inter-character` certainly suggests "between characters".

- `alternate`
  - : Is a keyword indicating that the ruby alternates between over and under, when there are multiple levels of annotation.
- `inter-character`

>   - : Is a keyword indicating that the ruby annotation is placed between the characters of the base text. This value is intended for bopomofo (zhuyin fuhao) ruby.

Reviewer: Again, should this be something like 

```suggestion
  - : Is a keyword indicating that the ruby annotation is placed to the right of the base text characters. This value is intended for bopomofo (zhuyin fuhao) ruby.
```

?
